But I still advise you to take it easy
otherwise
It's not just a simple matter like the demise of the Qin family
Don't worry, two fists can't beat four hands
It's definitely us who will suffer now
What to do then?
Delay time to see Sun Quan's appearance
Don't know about us yet
As long as someone can be dragged to the criminal department, it will be fine
Why don't you give up?
I also hope that His Majesty can help
You're just pissed off
Stop being delusional
Sun Qian, what are you doing here today?
Hahaha, what are you doing here?
Of course it's so blatant to kill you
Aren't you afraid of national laws?
I wanted to write to you
But then I thought about it.
Too lazy to toss
It's better to kill you
Besides, our Sun family
For condemning the dead
Still do it
Blame your Qin family
It's not good to offend anyone
You must offend our Sun family
court death
Besides, it's a matter of national law
Of course it works for you pariahs
It's just a decoration for us
This is the situation now
You can't blame me.
Blame it on your fate for being in the wrong fetus
Somebody take it for me